---
title: "Da updates"
pageTitle: "Article"
date: "2025-06-07"
description: "Where the hell is the Black Orchestra team? We're still here, albeit pretty busy lol. If you did notice, there's quite some changes to the website."
---
Where the hell is the Black Orchestra team? We're still here, albeit pretty busy lol. If you did notice, there's quite some changes to the website!

First of all, the websire has been updated to use Astro. Previously, we've worked on the website on pure html and JavaScript, where the pages are dynamically hydrated from a layout by JavaScript. This is very horrible as it's slow, and the clients also need to have JS enabled. No more of that, we're intelligently creating static pages on build time, with minimal or no JS depending on the page.

This blog article is actually an excuse to test the new markdown system for our blog. All the previous articles still use html, but this one uses pure markdown.

Secondly, you haven't seen any update because we are lazy bums and instead of updating the site, we update our progress mostly on Discord. I personally used to post teasers and updates on a certain Afganistan basketweaving forum, until they stopped baking new /&tactical/ breads. So if you are really deprived of updates, make an alt account and join us on Discord.

The game is almost ready for launch. We're looking for solutions to distribute the mod. From our experience with Talvisota, steam is awesome for the end-users, but horrible for developers due to the requirements necessary to update. We're coming to a solution to develop our own launcher, and host our own files. The question is where and how. Expense is an issue, and we've spent a lot on this mod already.

Finally, we apologize for the lack of updates lately. As mentioned above, we're at the finish lines, and there's not much to show. In addition, we've come to a phase where our lives are starting to get in the way.

Have a good day - Hoover